[DOCU-2582] Add single source docs to the Contributing guide (#5018)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/contributing/single-sourced-versions.md

### Content

As we add new functionality, we'll want content on a page to be displayed for specific releases of a product. You can use the `if_version` block in a file for this:

{% raw %}
```
{% if_version eq:1.11.x %}
This will only show for version 1.11.x
{% endif_version %}
```
{% endraw %}

We also support greater than (`gte`) and less than (`lte`). This filter is **inclusive** of the version provided:

{% raw %}
```
{% if_version gte:1.11.x %}
This will only show for version 1.11.x and later (1.12.x, 2.0.0 etc)
{% endif_version %}

{% if_version lte:1.11.x %}
This will only show for version 1.11.x and earlier (1.10.x, 1.0.0 etc)
{% endif_version %}

{% if_version gte:1.11.x lte:1.19.x %}
This will show for versions 1.11.x through 1.19.x, inclusive
{% endif_version %}
```
{% endraw %}

When working with tables, the filter expects new lines before and after `if_version`:

{% raw %}
```
| Name  | One         | Two    |
|-------|-------------|--------|
| Test1 | Works       | Shows  |

{% if_version gte: 1.11.x %}
| Test2 | Conditional | Hidden |
{% endif_version %}

| Test1 | Works       | Shows  |
```
{% endraw %}

The above will be rendered as a single table.

> If you want to conditionalize content within a sentence, you can use `if_version` and specify `inline:true`:

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to conditionally render content in a sentence, you can use `if_version` and specify `inline:true`:
```

{% raw %}
```
Hello {% if_version eq:1.0.0 inline:true %}everyone in the {% endif_version %} world.
```
{% endraw %}

> ### Conditionalize front matter

Author: ```suggestion
### Conditionally render front matter
```
